Explain tracing load balancing in more detail (#5904)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/setup/deploy-agent.md

{{< docs/shared source="agent" lookup="/deploy-agent.md" version="<AGENT VERSION>" >}}

## Scaling Grafana Agent

If the load on the Agents is small, it is recommended to process
all necessary telemetry signals in the same Agent process. For example, 
a single Agent can process all of the incoming metrics, logs, traces, and profiles.

However, if the load on the Agents is big, it may be beneficial to
process different telemetry signals in different sets of Agents:
* This provides bettor stability due to the isolation between processes.
  * For example, an overloaded Agent processing traces won't impact an Agent processing metrics.
* Different types of signal collection require different methods for scaling:
  * "Pull" components such as `prometheus.scrape` and `pyroscope.scrape` are scaled using hashmod sharing or clustering. 
  * "Push" components such as `otelcol.receiver.otlp` are scaled by placing a load balancer in front of them.

> ### Traces

Author: Having a section for traces helps in two ways:
* It prevents us from having to mention traces in every heading underneath, e.g. "When to scale traces" or "Stateful and stateless components traces components".
* It is more clear to the user what the whole of this section is about.
* It is easier to see how to extend the doc page with specifics for other telemetry signals - just add a "Metrics", "Logs", "Profiles" sections etc.

[scaling-collector]: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/scaling/

#### When to scale

To decide whether scaling is necessary, check metrics such as:
* `receiver_refused_spans_ratio_total` from receivers such as `otelcol.receiver.otlp`.
* `processor_refused_spans_ratio_total` from processors such as `otelcol.processor.batch`.
* `exporter_send_failed_spans_ratio_total` from exporters such as `otelcol.exporter.otlp` and `otelcol.exporter.loadbalancing`.

#### Stateful and stateless components

In the context of tracing, a "stateful component" is a component 
which needs to aggregate certain spans in order to work correctly.
A "stateless Agent" is an Agent which does not contain stateful components.

Scaling stateful Agents is more difficult, because spans must be forwarded to a 
specific Agent according to a span property such as trace ID or a `service.name` attribute.
This can be done using `otelcol.exporter.loadbalancing`.

Examples of stateful components:

* `otelcol.processor.tail_sampling`
* `otelcol.connector.spanmetrics`
* `otelcol.connector.servicegraph`

<!-- TODO: link to the otelcol.exporter.loadbalancing docs for more info -->

> A "stateless component" does not need to aggregate specific spans in order to work correctly - 
> it can work correctly even if it only has some of the spans of a trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "stateless component" does not need to aggregate specific spans to work correctly - 
it can work correctly even if it only has some of the spans of a trace.
```

> Stateless Agents can be scaled without using `otelcol.exporter.loadbalancing`.
> You could use an off-the-shelf load balancer to, for example, do a round-robin load balancing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stateless {{< param "PRODUCT_ROOT_NAME" >}} can be scaled without using `otelcol.exporter.loadbalancing`.
For example, you could use an off-the-shelf load balancer to do a round-robin load balancing.
```
